AMLII-1148 - Adding Unit test to check GC metrics emitted by each type of Java garbage collector (#500)
DataDog/jmxfetch: tools/misbehaving-jmx-server/README.md

- `RMI_HOST` - hostname for JMX to listen on (default localhost)
- `CONTROL_PORT` - HTTP control port (default 8080)
- `SUPERVISOR_PORT` - HTTP control port for the supervisor process (if using) (default 8088)

> - `MISBEHAVING_OPTS` - Used to manage memory, GC configurations, and system properties of the Java process running the JMXServer (default `-Xmx128M -Xms128M`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MISBEHAVING_OPTS` - Manages memory, GC configurations, and system properties of the Java process running the JMXServer (default `-Xmx128M -Xms128M`)
```
